# notion-pretty-export

So, you are the type of person who still believes in function over style,
and like to avoid unnecessary work.
For that reason, you got converted by the rich toolset that Notion offers, 
and use it pretty much exclusively for all your note taking, document writing
and general thought dumping.
You've even managed to convince your manager to let you use at work, and converted
some folks to your way of working...

Life is sweet!

But then comes the time when you need to share some of that
content with 3rd parties, in an official capacity. You cannot just let them in the 21st century
and share the page. You need something that they can print, stamped with your corporate look and feel.

You now are left with no option but open dreadful Microsoft Word, and copy and paste all your stuff into it,
and lose the images in the process, and have to fight with its appalling styling and atrocious numbering systems. 

Hours that you will never get back...
And imagine if a change needs to be done after that...  I cry just thinking about it.

Well, these days might be over. This tool might just be for you!

## Export, convert, rest.

This tool enables you to take a standard page export from Notion, and turn it into a branded PDF.

Features:
- Takes as input a zip file generated by Notion's export HTML function
- Manipulates the HTML to:
    - Remove page-level properties (for database pages)
    - Remove any internal callouts (those whose first word is "INTERNAL")
    - Add numbering to headings
    - Apply custom CSS with your branding
    - Rejig the table of contents
- Apply branded headers and footers to all pages, with your custom metadata
- Insert a branded cover page

All of those are optional, and will just be done if associated resources are available in the template.

Template?  Yes, you can also have several templates defined, and choose the one to apply when you run the tool.

## Usage
```
usage: notion_pretty_export [-h] 
        [-o OUTPUT] 
        [-t TITLE] [-s SUBTITLE] [-p PROJECT] [-a AUTHOR] [-d DATE] [--title-page | --no-title-page]
        [--heading-numbers | --no-heading-numbers] [--strip-internal-info | --no-strip-internal-info]
        zip_file template_dir

Turn a Notion page into a styled PDF document.

positional arguments:
  zip_file              Path to the zip file exported from Notion
  template_dir          Path to the template directory

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        Path to the output PDF file
  -t TITLE, --title TITLE
                        Title of the document
  -s SUBTITLE, --subtitle SUBTITLE
                        Subtitle of the document
  -p PROJECT, --project PROJECT
                        project of the document
  -a AUTHOR, --author AUTHOR
                        Author of the document
  -d DATE, --date DATE  Date of the document
  --title-page, --no-title-page
                        Add a title page (if defined in the template)
  --heading-numbers, --no-heading-numbers
                        Add heading numbers
  --strip-internal-info, --no-strip-internal-info
                        Remove internal information, such as callouts and database properties
```